[music]
Nicole Mouskondis: Nicholas and Company is
a broad line food service distribution company.
We sell everything that a food service operator
needs.
Peter Mouskondis: We joke about we sell beans
for a living, but it becomes more than that.
It absolutely is about the service industry.
We're trying to source the best products out
there for our customers.
Bill Mouskondis: Nicholas and Company, in
its development, became very customer oriented.
The customer had to be taken care of, and
that was priority one.
Nicole Mouskondis: We try really hard to make
longterm business decisions. We are a family
business in its third generation, and we have
a legacy to protect.
Peter Mouskondis: In the Greek culture, there's
a word - philotimo. It means the love of honor
- to do what's right, and to right the wrongs.
We want to do what's right, and we want to
make sure that those family values are continuing
to be instilled in our team members, and in
many generations beyond mine. And I think
that's where Wells has helped us, because
they put that in mind with us, and they treat
us like the family, versus a big conglomerate.
Pamela Cates: It's a very personal relationship.
I've worked with Nicole and Peter for over
15 years. I want them to know that I care
about them. I want them to grow, and accomplish
all of their goals. It is a relationship that
I would like to have for a lifetime.
Bill Mouskondis: The people of Wells Fargo
are great partners, because of their training
and their expertise and passion for what they
do. And that is critical, because every business
has potholes that it has to avoid.
Pamela Cates: Like most companies, Nicholas
has had its challenges, and it's challenges
have been related mostly to their growth.
So the asset-based lending facility was the
right answer for the company.
Nicole Mouskondis: Growing is very expensive
and very hard to do, but they stood by us.
They took a risk on us, and we have not ever
forgotten that.
Pamela Cates: The company had been thinking
about expanding into the Las Vegas marketplace
for a long time. Wells Fargo was willing to
provide the financing to help them accomplish
this goal, and as a result of being able to
do that, we are in this new facility in Las Vegas.
[cheering]
Nicole Mouskondis: This is a dream come true
for us. Opening a new distribution center
is probably going to be the legacy that Peter
and I leave for the next generation.
Pamela Cates: As we look out into the future,
and Nicholas continues to grow and expand,
we're going to be there with them.
Nicole Mouskondis: The loyalty definitely
goes both ways in terms of our partnership.
As we continue to grow, we want to make sure
that we continue to use Wells Fargo because
they have been loyal to us, and we wouldn't
think of having another business partner.
[music]